this tutorial shows briefly how
draw a room and divide the
surfaces in different areas for
tile and color them in the design tool
of the look this is done in the first
two tables called room and dvd
surfaces
when you had the application then create
the room using the creation vizard
guided set at the height of the room
and the basic shape to customize in
then customize the size
or change sides and corners to create
more complex forms
the last state of the villar allows you to
insert windows or simple doors
openings on the walls of your room
select the type of opening you want
enter size is set
choose where to place the opening at
center to the right or left
enter the elevation value of the
floor
in the first tab you will see the room you have
created up to this point there is a
account pro you can continue to use
functions that we will see now otherwise you can
continue those next steps for
tile placement e
of the renault in the panel below a
right you can move the 3d preview
using the right click and select one
surface to avoid once
selected a surface this will come
displayed in the 2d view on the
left sheet 2 demonstrates the shape
of the surface above a grid
you can move the view by holding down
mouse wheel and moving
scrolling the wheel forward backwards
you can also zoom in by dragging one
blue clips can move a vertex a
one side of the room
by holding ctrl or cmd on all macs
the movements will engage
automatically the points in the grid
below in order to be more
precise
then group more points so as to
move them together with the mouse track
a rectangle from left to right for
select two or more points
once selected the points yes
they turn green and it is possible
move them as a group
to cancel the selection of prizes and lights
on the keyboard when you change them
room size sometimes you can
make mistakes
these are shown in red on the sheet
2 of fans in these cases then cancel
the last operation performed by pressing the
button to nothing by clicking on one of the
filippo rossi opens a list of
options then move a point, for example
at a precise distance or
remove it completely by acting on a
side you can use many options for
divide it into those segments take it o
changing the length
also then add niches or arches
with specific dimensions
for every surface of the room there are
of the options at the top right for the
floor then insert surfaces
to create column stairs or any
another positive element
the new surface can be
hooked to the center of the room
maybe a wall after setting
the elevation, width and height then
modify it freely in view 2 of
selects the surface of a wall
in the 3d view over the surfaces you can
add new openings
this procedure is the same as seen in
precedence during lizard thanks a
room once positioned the opening
then move it or modify it freely
in the sight guide
the next tab is called on DVD
surfaces and works exactly in the
same way
in this section of the program you can
create subdivision areas
inside the floor of the walls
these areas will be useful later
during the insertion of the tiles
follow us in the next video to see
how to place tiles in your
project